feat: Added tutorial and warnings for langchain orchestration template (#572)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-js/langchain/orchestration.mdx

});
```

## Template and Prompt Registry Behavior

> :::warning
> When using `template`, its messages are **always prepended** to every `invoke()` or `stream()` call — reusing the same client across multiple turns causes the template to appear on every request.
> When using `template_ref`, any messages passed are **automatically routed to `messages_history`** and cannot be merged into the remotely stored template.
> In both cases, use the **two-client pattern** from the [LangGraph tutorial](../tutorials/langgraph-template-orchestration-client): one client with the template for the first turn, a second without it for follow-up turns.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When using `template`, its messages are **always prepended** to every `invoke()` or `stream()` call — reusing the same client across multiple turns causes the template to appear on every request.
When using `template_ref`, any messages passed are **automatically routed to `messages_history`** and cannot be merged into the remotely stored template.

In both cases, you can use the **two-client pattern** from the [LangGraph tutorial](../tutorials/langgraph-template-orchestration-client) to avoid related issues while taking advantage of the prompt registry: one client with the template for the first turn, a second without it for follow-up turns.
```
